fix(docker): add HEAPDUMP_PATH property allowing to override default heap dump file location (#2399)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/runtime/pages/bonita-docker-installation.adoc

=== ACCESSLOGS_MAX_DAYS
If `ACCESSLOGS_FILES_ENABLED=true`, this optional environment variable allows to automatically delete access log files after a certain number of days. Default value is *30*.

> === ACCESSLOGS_PATH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== INCIDENT_LOG_DIR_PATH
```

> If `ACCESSLOGS_FILES_ENABLED=true`, this optional environment variable overrides the default path to of the access log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optional environment variable overrides the default path of the incident log file.
```

Default value is */opt/bonita/logs*.

=== HEAPDUMP_PATH

>  This optional environment variable overrides the default path to of the heap dump file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This optional environment variable overrides the default path of the heap dump file.
```
